I am a 23 year old Indian boy who has this dirty habit of sniffing at opportunities to get girlfriends regardless of the fact that long term relationship is never the intent.
So when I saw a random girl accepting my friend request and started chatting with me, the flirting skills took over true to my alpha male image which I want to upkeep.
The catch was that there was no profile pic and I was hoping that this is not a boy making a fool out of me. I spoke with her on phone and confirmed that this is a beautiful voice of 24 year old girl. Dirty talk ensured that I found out her figure was 36,24,36 which is perfect.
The D-day arrived when we were going to meet for dinner and I prepared for the kill.
Zatak deo, shirts suggested online from neotonn( I didn't take any chances & chose the first suggestion itself), rayban glasses & sneakers; The preparation was immaculate.
Little did I know that it is going to be a disastrous.
The 34 year old pregnant woman came.
She was bag of sack even if we discount her stomach which was big considering that she was pregnant.
\"Pardon me but are you pregnant?\" was my opening lines
She was mad considering that she not only fooled me online but was actually pregnant yet came there when she should have been taking rest.
I thought of running away instantly but thought that it would be too rude.
She's started telling me about her career thus far. It's light on comedy.
\"I've wasted chances, fucked up opportunities, chased stupid dreams that turned into nightmares and missed out on a podium place every single time. I try not to be bitter about it, but it's hard. I wish things were different. I wish I wasn't such a, such a...\" She begins to stammer.
I eye my food wearily.
\"Such a what?\" I prompt.
She sighs heavily. Any joy remaining in the room is quickly sucked out of it.
She continues: \"Such an also-ran. A bystander. I've never been at the centre of anything. Always in orbit. Uranus.\"
I do the obligatory schoolboy laugh, but She ploughs on, deadly serious. \"I wish I'd been less of a loser.\"
I begin to wish I had never signed up in Facebook nor sent her friend request.
\"You don't really feel that way about yourself, do you?\" I say.
She looks up from the table, his eyes sad and grey, like the unluckiest pensioner in the bingo hall.
\"I'm afraid so. I try and try but nothing seems to work. All my relationships have been a disaster including last one (pointing at her stomach). Men screw me over all the time.\"
Oh! Man, I felt like I am the person screwed up now.
She's doing a dreadful PR job on herself. What am I supposed to say? I have never met her before; I only have her side of the story. If She was this scintillating on dates to other men, no wonder all they wanted to do was roll in the bed with her and run.
I asked her why she came considering that she is 8 months pregnant when she replied with the most dangerous lines I ever heard in my life:
\"The baby has me. I want someone\".
No prizes for guessing that I ran away like mad after leaving the seat in the pretext of going to washroom.
So fast I ran for 2-3 kilometres when I realised that my bike is parked outside the restaurant and I had forgot all about that.#